fix handling of trailing commas in SecretStringSliceCSV.Set() (#7587)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Ring: Fix ring token conflict resolution only applied to updated instance and make constantly token conflict check during instance observe period.
* [BUGFIX] Distributor: Fix a panic (`slice bounds out of range`) in the stream push path when the context deadline expires while the worker goroutine is still marshalling a `WriteRequest`. #7541
* [BUGFIX] Query Frontend: Fix native histogram responses not being handled correctly in `minTime()` sort ordering for split_by_interval merge. #7555

> * [BUGFIX] Security: Fix `SecretStringSliceCSV.Set()` accepting empty entries from stray or trailing commas (e.g. `newkey,`). #7587

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Security: Reject empty entries in `-distributor.sign-write-requests-keys` caused by stray or trailing commas (e.g. `newkey,`). Previously these were silently accepted and produced an empty signing key, which downgraded HMAC stream-push authentication to a forgeable signature. Misconfigured flags now fail at process startup; audit your configs before upgrading. #7587
```
wdyt? @SungJin1212

* [BUGFIX] Ring: Fix ring token conflict resolution only applied to updated instance and make constantly token conflict check during instance observe period.
* [BUGFIX] Distributor: Fix a panic (`slice bounds out of range`) in the stream push path when the context deadline expires while the worker goroutine is still marshalling a `WriteRequest`. #7541
* [BUGFIX] Query Frontend: Fix native histogram responses not being handled correctly in `minTime()` sort ordering for split_by_interval merge. #7555
* [BUGFIX] Security: Fix `SecretStringSliceCSV.Set()` accepting empty entries from stray or trailing commas (e.g. `newkey,`). #7587

> * [BUGFIX] Distributor: Release the push worker pool goroutines on shutdown by stopping the async executor during the stopping phase when `-distributor.num-push-workers` is set. #7602

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
